(populate) - update docs (#871)
FormidableLabs/urql: exchanges/populate/README.md

const client = createClient({
  url: 'http://localhost:1234/graphql',
  exchanges: [dedupExchange, populateExchange({ schema }), cacheExchange, fetchExchange],
});
```

The `schema` option is the introspection result for your backend graphql schema, more information

> about how to get your schema can be found [here](https://formidable.com/open-source/urql/docs/graphcache/schema-awareness/#getting-your-schema).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
about how to get your schema can be found [in the "Schema Awareness" Page of the Graphcache documentation.](https://formidable.com/open-source/urql/docs/graphcache/schema-awareness/#getting-your-schema).
```
